Add note on directory watching to README (#73)
samuelcolvin/watchgod: README.md

you will want to override `should_watch_dir` and `should_watch_file`. Unless you're
doing something very odd, you'll want to inherit from `DefaultDirWatcher`.

> Note that events regarding to *directories* are not watched (e.g. creation of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that events related to *directories* are not reported (e.g. creation of a
```
